README.md, before:

# Spiel

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/spiel)](https://pypi.org/project/spiel/)
[![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/spiel)](https://pypi.org/project/spiel/)

[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/JoshKarpel/spiel/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/JoshKarpel/spiel/main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JoshKarpel/spiel/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=2sjP4V0AfY)](https://codecov.io/gh/JoshKarpel/spiel)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/JoshKarpel/spiel)](https://github.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/issues)
[![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/JoshKarpel/spiel)](https://github.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/pulls)

Spiel is a framework for building and presenting [richly-styled](https://github.com/Textualize/rich) presentations in your terminal using Python.

To see what Spiel can do without installing it, you can view the demonstration deck in a container:
```bash
$ docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/joshkarpel/spiel
```
Alternatively, install Spiel (`pip install spiel`) and run this command to view the demonstration deck:
```bash
$ spiel demo present
```

![The first slide of the demo deck](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/main/docs/assets/demo.svg)
![The demo deck in "deck view"](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/main/docs/assets/deck.svg)

## Quick Start:

The most basic Spiel presentation looks like this:

```python
from spiel import Deck, present

deck = Deck(name="Your Deck Name")

@deck.slide(title="Slide 1 Title")
def slide1():
    content = """
    Your content here
    """
    return content

if __name__ == "__main__":
    present(__file__)
```

And when you run the Python file:
![Barebones slide](./docs/assets/quickstart1.svg)

To recap, you first create a Deck object that has the name of your presentation. Then you create slide functions, add content into a triple-quoted string (aka a multiline string) and return it, and add the slide to the Deck with the `@deck.slide()` decorator. Finally, you call `present()` to generate the presentation.

You can make your slides a lot prettier, of course. Spiel renders its slides using Rich, so you can bring in Rich functionality to spruce up your slides.

## Documentation

To learn more about Spiel, take a look at the [documentation](https://www.spiel.how).

Commit message:

updating screenshot script to work with multiple different decks, and updating documentation

README.md, after:

# Spiel

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/spiel)](https://pypi.org/project/spiel/)
[![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/spiel)](https://pypi.org/project/spiel/)

[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/JoshKarpel/spiel/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/JoshKarpel/spiel/main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/JoshKarpel/spiel/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=2sjP4V0AfY)](https://codecov.io/gh/JoshKarpel/spiel)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/JoshKarpel/spiel)](https://github.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/issues)
[![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/JoshKarpel/spiel)](https://github.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/pulls)

Spiel is a framework for building and presenting [richly-styled](https://github.com/Textualize/rich) presentations in your terminal using Python.

To see what Spiel can do without installing it, you can view the demonstration deck in a container:
```bash
$ docker run -it --rm ghcr.io/joshkarpel/spiel
```
Alternatively, install Spiel (`pip install spiel`) and run this command to view the demonstration deck:
```bash
$ spiel demo present
```

![The first slide of the demo deck](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/main/docs/assets/demo.svg)
![The demo deck in "deck view"](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/main/docs/assets/deck.svg)


## Quick Start

After installing Spiel, create a file called `deck.py` and paste this code in:
```python
from spiel import Deck, present

deck = Deck(name="Your Deck Name")


@deck.slide(title="Slide 1 Title")
def slide1():
    return """Your content here!"""


if __name__ == "__main__":
    present(__file__)

```

The most basic Spiel presentation you can make. In the folder where you created `deck.py`, run `python deck.py`. You should see:

![Barebones slide](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JoshKarpel/spiel/main/docs/assets/quickstart_basic.svg)

To recap, you first create a `Deck` that has the name of your presentation.

Then you create slide functions with the `@deck.slide()` decorator.

The slide function should return anything that [Rich can render](https://rich.readthedocs.io/en/stable/console.html#printing); that return value will be displayed as the slide in the presentation.

Finally, you call `present()` to run the presentation.

You can make your slides a lot prettier, of course.
Check out the Quickstart in the documentation for more!


## Documentation

To learn more about Spiel, take a look at the [documentation](https://www.spiel.how).
